Font: Free 3 of 9 Barcode
Created By: Matthew Welch
E-Mail: matt@squaregear.net
Web Address: http://www.squaregear.net/fonts/

My fonts are all free.  You can use them for personal or commercial projects,
and I ask for no money.  I would, however, love to hear from you.  If you use
my fonts for something please e-mail me letting me know how you used it.  Send
me a copy if you can or let me know where I can find your work. You are under
no obligation to do this, I just like to see how my fonts get used.

A license.txt file should have been included with this font, explaining the
license under which it is made available. You can also read it at:

http://www.squaregear.net/fonts/license.shtml

About the font:

Can you believe there are people who would charge you for a barcode font like
this?  It took very little time to make this so I thought I'd donate it to the
world.  It is suitable for scanning even at fairly small point sizes.  I have
tested printed copies of this font with a couple different scanners and it
worked perfectly.

This is 3 of 9 (sometimes called "code 39"), a widely used barcode standard
that includes capital letters, numbers, and several symbols.  This is not the
barcode for UPC's (universal price codes) found on products at the store.
However, most kinds of barcode scanners will recognize 3 of 9 just fine.

To create a valid 3 of 9 barcode you have to begin and end it with a special
character.  Scanners look for this character to know where to start and stop
reading the barcode.  It is represented in this font with the '*' character.
So, to create a barcode for the text "ABC123" you have to type out "*ABC123*".
Note that barcode readers will not include the *'s in the text they return.
They will just give you the "ABC123".

Two versions of 3 of 9 are included. The font called "Free 3 of 9" is the basic
3 of 9 standard. It includes letters and these symbols: $ % + - . and /. The
font called "Free 3 of 9 Extended" covers the extended 3 of 9 standard. It
includes all the ASCII characters. Most of these extended barcodes are
included.

Special note to MS Word users: There is a default setting in some versions of
Word that changes text surrounded by *'s into bold text. This setting must be
disabled for these fonts to work, otherwise the * characters that are necessary
for the barcode to scan properly will be lost and the thickness of the bars
will be altered. The setting might be found in a different place in different
versions but this is how I disabled it. From the Tools menu open the
AutoCorrect dialog box. On the AutoFormat tab uncheck the box for "*Bold* and
_underline_"
